hello it's Ruby and today I have got a
vlog to share with you so I filmed this
as a university day in my life
however I have also got a very exciting
announcement I'm not going to tell you
what that announcement is until the end
of the videos so please do stay tuned
but it is extremely exciting it's
something we have been talking about and
I've been doing secretly for a couple of
months now and I just can't believe that
the day has finally come around I'm
actually able to share it with you
good morning I'm sorry because I look so
tired and my friend is all over the
place and you know when you wake up and
you're on your voice is still still
waking up to you so and I have decided
that I'm going to vlog today it's
currently Saturday the 10th I believe
near the 9th I feel like I haven't
vlogged for a really long time even
though I probably have it's currently
quite late so I woke up I literally just
wake up and I think it's about 10 past
8:00
I've been trying to get to bed genome on
times like 10:00 10:30 11 but I haven't
been able to get to sleep until about
2:00 or 2:30 and so I keep on over
sleeping because I haven't had enough
sleep it means I'm not waking up badly
even though I really want to I don't
want to wake up at 6 if any went to bed
at tea
[Applause]
[Music]
I had planned to do research and debate
vincible ignorance and Tillich's
philosophy however I really
underestimated how much time that would
take so I only managed events like
Lorentz and now I'm gonna move on to
reading some of this incredible book the
cost of discipleship which is by my
favorite theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer
if you haven't heard of Dietrich
Bonhoeffer
or you've never read Dietrich Bonhoeffer
I definitely recommend taking a look at
his work even if you're not Christian
obviously I'm not Christian but I love
what he says and I think it can actually
be really applicable for anyone I was a
really good podcast by BBC Radio 4 which
my RS teacher recommended to me and sent
me the link for and I will leave that in
the description box if you want to have
listened because it was such a great
podcast and um it just gives you a
really good overview of his life I've
just finished part one of this and I'm
aiming to read part 2 today he's not
very dense he's really readable he's
very quotable - which is what I like
about him it takes quite a long time to
read I spend quite a lot of long time on
each page because I really like reading
him actually I lost that awesome reading
I'm gonna put this on charge
[Music]
okay so it's currently 1108 I'm just
gonna quickly look over this plan that
I've made for an essay make sure that
I'm happy with that because I did it
last night and it's just good to look at
look at it the morning after and be sure
that you're happy with it basically
[Music]
can you tell me where to start
I need some fun
day this heart
[Music]
okay there we go I've just gone over
that and I'm really happy with it so I
can do that tomorrow
let's just go through momentum and tip
the things off that I managed to do so
I'm now planning to go to the gym
quickly if you go before 3:00 p.m. it's
only 11:00 but if you go before 3:00
p.m. and we can it's a lot cheaper and I
used to con tasks obviously of KISS well
not obviously but I don't like to work
out it glasses on it
[Music]
we keep on
we've traveled far seeds of man
get
so I don't want to have to bring a bag
with me and I don't want to have to make
a lock or anything I'm not gonna bring
you with me
[Music]
ah there we go well done okay so here is
my lunch I'm sorry don't hate me I love
spinach tomatoes and then what isn't in
tomatoes with the mixed herbs they made
potato wedges and I'm gonna have it with
simple mercy I just spent just over an
hour editing a video and I've just
uploaded it and now is something that
I've been putting off doing for a really
long time I don't know why I think it's
just it's not gonna take that long it's
just in my head I've got this feeling
that it's gonna take ages so I placed an
order - hmm a couple of weeks ago and my
intention in the order is I wasn't gonna
keep everything but I need to put
everything back in the original bags so
that I can return it tomorrow
[Music]
ever sees outside sighs crow
if
expanding our
[Music]
passions gone we do
okay so now I'm just gonna quickly
package up a giveaway item
[Music]
okay so just been working on some really
exciting things I can't tell you about
at the moment but which are exciting
made myself some dinner I've just got
some pasta with peas and tomatoes and I
am going to drizzle some tahini and put
some pesto in this tube and I've also
got some really nice olive oil on top
raucous himself
okay I'm gonna round up the vlog here
sorry that the end of this vlog was
quite boring and very very badly filmed
as in I just didn't film the small bits
in between so it's just about to turn
ten and I'm going to read I'm reading
the Guernsey and literary society at the
moment so I'm gonna read some of that
I've just been writing some of my book
which I am writing for fun just to point
out it's not something I'm currently
intending on publishing or anything but
I'm really enjoying writing it's really
good fun so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed and I hope that you have a
productive week so thank you so much for
watching this video and as promised I
have now got my very exciting
announcement to share with you okay so
if you follow me on instagram you will
know that we've been talking about
something called the wooden spoon and
it's something which has deliberately
been kept very ambiguous and now I'm
going to tell you what it is
so this announcement is in conjunction
with three incredible study chippers who
hopefully you do watch because that
content is amazing and there's such
amazing people as well and that is
unjaded Jade Eve Cornwall and Jack
Edwards basically behind the scenes we
have been working on a podcast called
the wooden spoon when I first listened
to it I was in shock that it actually
all come together it suddenly feels so
real and I can't believe that this day
has actually come about so I'm so
excited to tell you that the wooden
spoon is a podcast and I really hope
that you enjoy listening to it let me
know what you think and yeah thank you
for watching I hope that you have a
productive week